[Music]
I think it refers to the importance it
has and that is very important because
in the end it is a competition. If I am going
to make it clear to you, it is a competition with
other people and if other people
today are already more connected  to the
Internet you have the opportunity to learn
and let's say that the new trends or
technologies that are found, I
believe that a portfolio gives much more
value to what you have already learned, not
even the companies. In the end, I
always tell you if you are going to
hire  someone or like the student and
if you are going to hire someone  I
would hire someone who does not have a
small portfolio, what would be their
perspective? Yes, then we also have
to see it from that point. No, then
for me the portfolios are very
important as well as the
professional practices that the students make
the portfolio. I feel that it is important
when the student  It does not have an
experience if, for example, if I leave and I
have not worked and I do not know
a professional internship in a place
where I only support computer equipment
and then I want to work as a
programmer, then that experience is not
going to be profitable for me, no if  I mean if
I have this portfolio and I can say look
now  I made this portfolio I made this
project it is working I took this
course because it is going to have much more impact
than to say today in my
professional practices I started repairing
computers yes of course if you are looking for
work in a place where they are
repairing computers this is going to be
valid but  For me it is important, not
even for the students. I am surprised
when they come from teachers. I already have two
letters of recommendation from my two
previous professional internships. Yes,
because at least in the university where
they do professional internships in
higher university technicians to put them into
practice.  their knowledge returns to
engineering, they continue studying and
then finish, they return to do other
practices  professionals and they already have two
jobs, let alone two executions
of projects and also at school
they are given to do more projects and
portfolios so that in the end they
have this experience
perfect perfect oscar if we also
want that it is quite important
it is quite important to have so much
experience in well yes from real as a
work portfolio well look here
[Music]